submech followup (#98)
latent-to/developer-docs: docs/subnets/managing-mechanisms-btcli.md

btcli subnet mech emissions --netuid 6 --network local
```
```
Subnet 6 currently has 1 mechanism.
(Tip: 1 mechanism means there are no mechanisms beyond the main subnet)

Subnet 6 only has the primary mechanism (mechanism 0). No emission split to display.
```

## Create a second mechanism

Create a second incentive mechanism by specifying the desired  count as two for your subnet.

```bash
btcli subnet mech set --mech-count 2 --netuid 6 --network local
```
```
Subnet 6 currently has 1 mechanism. Set it to 2? [y/n]: y
✅ Mechanism count set to 2 for subnet 6
```

Check the state to confirm the change

```bash
btcli subnet mech count --netuid 6 --network local
btcli subnet mech emissions --netuid 6 --network local
```
```
Subnet 6 currently has 2 mechanisms.
(Tip: 1 mechanism means there are no mechanisms beyond the main subnet)
[13:44:15] Warning: Verify your local subtensor is running on port 9944.                         subtensor_interface.py:85

           Subnet 6 • Emission split
                Network: local

  Mechanism Index   Weight (u16)    Share (%)
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
         0                 32768    50.000763

>          1                 32767    49.999237

Reviewer: Why is the split distribution not exactly 50/50?

                   Subnet 6

  Mechanism Index   Weight (u16)    Share (%)
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
         0                 58982    90.000000
         1                  6553    10.000000

       Total               65535   100.000000
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────

Proceed with these emission weights? [y/n] (y): y
🌍  📡 Setting emission split for subnet 6...
✅ Emission split updated for subnet 6
```

We can confirm this by running the getter command again:

```bash
btcli subnet mech emissions --netuid 6 --network local
```
```

           Subnet 6 • Emission split
                Network: local

  Mechanism Index   Weight (u16)    Share (%)
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
         0                 58982    90.000763
         1                  6553     9.999237
       Total               65535   100.000000
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────

Totals are expressed as a fraction of 65535 (U16_MAX).
```

## Troubleshooting

- Rate limiting: mechanism count changes are restricted (on mainnet) to once per ~24 hours (7200 blocks).
- Permissions: emission split and count updates require the subnet owner wallet.

> - Local chain connectivity: ensure your local chain is running and your SDK points to `network="local"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Local chain connectivity: ensure your local chain is running and the `network` parameter in your BTCLI config is set to `local`.
```
